China just hosted a delegation of Arab
and Muslim ministers for talks on ending
the war in Gaza the group included
officials from Jordan Indonesia Egypt
Saudi Arabia the Palestinian Authority
and the organization of Islamic
Corporation their message was simple the
International Community should shoulder
its responsibility to respond
effectively to this catastrophe and put
an end to the continuing violations of
international law and international
humanitarian law by the Israelis we must
not remain indifferent Beijing is their
first stop on a tour of countries which
are permanent members of the UN Security
Council China is also in a unique
position it has good diplomatic and
economic ties with both Israel and the
Arab world if there is one country
that's outside the Western block so to
speak which has um a seat in the
security Council which has uh also a
historic precedent of U being fair on
the Palestine Israel conflict and one
country that has increasing um Prestige
uh increasing significance uh in the
International Community which is
obviously um a vast majority of the
world it is it is China Chinese foreign
minister wangi says Israel must stop its
Collective punishment of the people of
Gaza and that the pressing task now is
to implement the resolutions of the UN
Security Council and general assembly he
says a ceasefire should not be just
resur it should be a top priority
Beijing says it will continue to work
with Arab and Muslim nations to push for
peace and to establish an independent
Palestinian State Katrina U Al daer
Beijing